# Conclusion

In review, I would absolute recommend Throwback. As a lab it features and teaches the fundamentals and core concepts of attacking a Windows network. The network felt like it simulated a realistic corporate environment with the little details, while having a bit of humour thrown in. It was segmented and contained elements that made it fun to traverse. Learning the various attack vectors that ooccur in the real-world was informative, but also allows you to practice the meat of alot of CTFs or what I can presume exams containing AD network will require.

Throwback was a relatively hand-holdy experience, due to somewhat gatekeepery routes that *probably* had to taken. despite this has helped with my OSCP preparation. I tried pretty well holding myself to attempting to blackbox every task for an hour and sometimes alot more. There were alot of mistakes but also successes. Overhauled my notetaking method and curation. Learnt the simple things like screenshotting with selecting a region to more difficult the hacker approach to getting to DC. Improved my powershell, bash and Metasploit generally, which I tried to avoid to get better without it for a long time. I failed to test [H4dd1xB4dg3r](https://github.com/7RU7H/method/tree/main/H4dd1xB4dg3r) due to time. I wrote alot of code, but with this and [Archive](https://github.com/7RU7H/Archive) it was optimistic.

Somethings to bear in mind, Open Source and continuous delivery sometimes means things do not work and that is not the fault of THM or yourself. I could not complete sections of this due to Sharphound not working. With that in mind using THM VMs in most other cases is a viable and fun experience, not for Throwback. Sadly I can not recommend this to those without some kind of personal local setup. I attempted this without using only using THM AttackBox and Kali VM. I am far from an expert, but would it not make sense for the Kali VM to be almost-rolling Kali, with tool from the Paid Rooms. Once I got to Task 22 the piling up of troubleshooting was too much. I do not think I have the time to continue trying to make that work - I used the time waiting to do other things so I did not lose out where other might have. Last the Timesheet.xlsm did not work for my, I got the request for metasploit hta server, but never got the response. That *could be* THM's fault. I am also **very** aware that this room has not been updated for 2022. This room is 637 days old, but paid. If want to use msf5 use the AttackBox I could not install crackmap. If want use crackmap on Kali VM on THM I would not be able to get remmina, xfreerdp or rdesktop to work. There are numerous combination of " I want X tool, Y network connection software on Z VM" and it break. **COMPOUNDING** the frustration is that with each variation each has its own setup for proxychains, python version, python pip(1,2,3,x), python poetry and no poetry. This was a nightmare I want to avoid, but I learnt alot at heavy cost of time. What I seems inexcusable is that there is no golang or rust on either VM. Seeing as most tools these days are written in go or rust, but maybe I just too new to the whole python2, python3 once Ruby was dominant ever change programming languages and coding treads phenomena. For example Crackmapexec is part of rolling Kali, I am biased to the python3 just keep it as-up-to-date-as-possible-line-of-think, why not be default have pip3, why have msfconsole < 6? Questions that arise wasted the most time of the entiry. If I wasn't doing this to review this and my own setup for tools I would need for OSPC and my own Kali setup then someone else would have probably upended a table and thrown everything out of a window. If you can't afford or know how to setup and maintain a personal box then avoid this room. For any propective customers, avoid the VMs and make your own. General support is great from THM and the community but the using their VMs for this room is a nightmare. 

I would recommend this to someone like myself: checklisting all of your tools and weaknesses before some cyber-security exam many months later. I had alot of fun and learn alot about my setup and what I needed fix or add. I experiemented with new tools and was reacquianted with AD tools that I have not had much chance to use and fail at using. This is a excellent lab in someways to teach to importance of pivoting via proxying through it and using AD exploit tools to get hashes aswell as the general method to climbing the proverbal mountain of privilege esculating to Domain Controller. I learnt more about my Kali and how I should have it and how I can enjoy it more. I feel AD much more demystified from the jargon and abstraction such the theory and lexicon have be instantiated with practical experience in succeeding and failing. I flex my some brain muscles fixing thing, problem solving and asking questions in troublehshooting, the networking aspects of all machines involved, aswell as  exploiting and enumerating the Throwback domain.

Given a vast amount of complaints I have made in this conclusion I do so out of there being so much good and the negative aspect just help make it better. It would not be a thought out review or conclusion to my experience and progress in learning ethical hacking to leave out lows or gloss over the how fun the highs of actually doing this. During this process I made a vast amount of progress in building [Archive](https://github.com/7RU7H/Archive) a project collect all the information and resource required, condense, catergorise and linked them (ex/in)ternally to learn and be a resource for others in a more meanful way than a cheatsheet. It galvanize alot of busy work while making that fun and providing me with a great resource of resources and other people resources to make more experiences like Throwback for me more possible and more fun. I learnt new tools [H4dd1xB4dg3r](https://github.com/7RU7H/method/tree/main/H4dd1xB4dg3r) and currently removed but soon to return [nvmRecon](https://github.com/7RU7H/method/tree/main/nvmRecon) tools. Lastly I hope my creative writing and editing has improved with completing. 


